fix!: do not unprotect branches when applying config changes and detect if it needs update correctly (#1070)
gitlabform/gitlabform: docs/upgrade.md

Some of these changes between major application versions may affect the effective configuration that would be applied if you run the application. Therefore to do the upgrade safely please follow this procedure.

> ## From 3.\* to 4.\*

Author: yes 😅

### Branch Protection Changes

> When preventing GitlabForm from un-protecting and then re-protecting the Branch in order to apply configuration changes to the protection rules [#1070](https://github.com/gitlabform/gitlabform/pull/1070), we discovered some functionality that was previously hidden from the user.
> 
> Previously if you stopped defining `code_owner_approval_required` or `allow_force_push` in the YAML config, the settings would revert to the default Gitlab settings applied when first protecting the branch, see: [Branch Protection API](https://docs.gitlab.com/api/protected_branches/#protect-repository-branches)
> 
> With the changes to perform dynamic updates as required, we follow the GitlabForm convention of **leaving the Gitlab settings as is if the data is no longer defined in configuration**.
> 
> Therefore, if you wish to ensure the Protected Branch settings are applied as you intend when running GitlabForm you should define some defaults explicitly:

Reviewer: Thanks for the writing this up. Couple of thoughts:

The topic seems more relevant for changelog since content seems to be explanation for the change/fix as opposed to "how to upgrade".

As for the content, I found it a little difficult to follow. Let me know if the following suggestion makes sense or feel free to update it as needed.

BTW, the unprotect and reprotect flow still exists for gitlab version older than X, right? We should probably call that out too.

```suggestion
In GitLabForm v4, branch protection config introduced a bug. GitLabForm would remove and re-add branch protection on every run, because GitLab's API did not support in-place updates. Besides causing audit noise because of constant change, this approach reset all unspecified attributes to GitLab defaults, breaking GitLabForm’s core behavior of [raw parameter passing](reference/index.md#raw-parameters-passing) — where only explicitly configured values are sent, and unspecified ones are left untouched.

This unintended consequence meant:

- A user configuring only some protection attributes (e.g. `push_access_level`) would find others reset to default (e.g. `code_owner_approval_required`) on re-run.
- GitLabForm was no longer idempotent unless all settings were always provided.

This issue is being fixed by following original intended behaviour of GitLabForm. Therefore, if you wish to ensure the Protected Branch settings are applied as you intend when running GitlabForm you should define some defaults explicitly:
```
